Implement window (#478)
PrQL/prql: reference/src/transforms/window.md

# Window

Applies a pipeline to overlapping segments of rows.

```prql_no_test
window rows:.. range:.. expanding:false rolling:0 {pipeline}
```

For each row in result, its input segment is determined either by:

- `rows`, which takes a range of rows relative to current row,
- `range`, which takes a range of values relative to current row value.

Start of the range is inclusive, end of range is exclusive. Index 0 references
current row. If a bound is omitted, segment will extend until the end of the table (or group).

For example:

> - `rows:0..3`   means current row plus two following,

Reviewer: I was thinking how to do `current` — this approach is perfect, can't believe I didn't think of it

Reviewer: Though I'm still thinking through the answer to the question "what number is the current row?".

Did you think about making `0` the current row on both sides, and the range being inclusive?

It looks like that's how it's defined here:

```
`rows:-3..0`  means two preceding rows plus current row,
```

but possibly not here:

```
`rows:..1`    means all rows from the start of the table to and including current row,
```

Or am I missing something?

Author: Oh, that's a mistake. It should be 
```
`rows:-2..1` means two preceding rows plus current row,
```

Such indexing was supported [by Dijkstra](https://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/EWD/transcriptions/EWD08xx/EWD831.html) it it seem most natural to me. I also wanted this to be similar to python and rust, while distancing from matlab...

Reviewer: Wonderful reference and explanation.

Do you think we should have a slightly different syntax for inclusive vs exclusive ranges, like rust has, then? My concern is that SQL ranges are by default inclusive; e.g. `BETWEEN 0 and 3`, or `in 0..3` includes both 0 & 3, as does `range:0..3`

There are a few areas like this where it's difficult to completely upgrade SQL, because we can't see through to the data. So we can either separate off the parts we can — e.g. different approach to `rows` than other ranges — or compromises to their standards — e.g. just use inclusive for everything.

WDYT?

- `rows:-3..0`  means two preceding rows plus current row,
- `rows:-3..5`  means two preceding rows plus current row plus four following rows,
- `rows:..1`    means all rows from the start of the table to and including current row,
- `rows:0..`    means current row and all following rows until the end of the table,

> - `rows:..`     means all rows, which same as not having window at all.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `rows:..`     means all rows, which same as not having the `rows` argument at all.
```

> Note: currently, negative integer literals (`-3`) are not implemented.

<!-- TODO: rows vs range example, with visualization -->

For ease of use, there are two flags that override `rows` or `range`:

> - `expanding:true` is an alias for `range:..1`. Sum using this window is also known as "cumulative sum".

Reviewer: Wouldn't this be (but probably I'm misunderstanding):

```suggestion
- `expanding:true` is an alias for `rows:..1`. Sum using this window is also known as "cumulative sum".
```

?

Reviewer: @aljazerzen just wanted to check you saw this. IIUC this only matters when there are duplicate values; otherwise they're the same (or possibly my SQL knowledge is rusty)
